# 6/25/2025 - 1st Update!

Hey, turns out running three projects at the same time was an idea that I had! Yep, currently working on another Highway project while working on another project came across as a good idea. We'll see what happens... (i think we all know very well what probably will happen)

(ok, quick note, I actually setup this repository and fleshed out lots of ideas in the two days before that, so I'll shift it all to today, and mark today as the beginning!)

Anyways, raven! what is it? well basically...

imagine 49 LEDs, or 50. now, imagine it spinning. like really fast. what does that do? it lets us flash sections of the room with specfic light patterns, so that we can "color" parts of the room different colors! imagine the left side of a room red, and the right side blue. but we need accurate measurements of the position, don't we? yes, but an encoders and beambreaks are too expensive, for the price we're aiming for! instead, we'll detect the peak (or rising, who knows, thats for the future programming me to fix) of the sensor, then measure RPM that way! we can model and predict the future RPM, then sequence the LEDs to flash a pattern when it is thinks it's at the right position! The code should be able to run really fast, which should allow for accurate timings!

(yes, i spent quite a while debating with omniscient chatbots about the best way to approach this and it's pretty satisfied with this idea!)

And yeah, that allows for super cool lights! see ya next time!