# 7/10/2025 - 16th Update!

ok, its 4:10 PM, so lets get this done! after yesterday and a bit of research before i went to sleep last night, ive determined that theres like no viable option for a boost convertor that can convert @20A, even at low voltages, to higher voltages, at least, none that are cheap. basically, all the ones that i could find were in the $20 to $30 price range, which is absolutely silly, so ive actually got a better idea! we just, instead of spending so much on a single sad boost convertor, we actually spend it on batteries, so that we already have the correct voltage! (this is also cheaper than buying the boost converter, gives us more power, and also allows us to skip the whole boost converter bit for the motor!)

this means, the motor... gets 4 batteries. yeah. however, note that the boost converter i found was $25-ish, and the 2 additional batteries would only be $10, meaning that buying batteries instead is actually a smarter move! (the omniscient ai also seems to agree, so this is probably also the good move forward!) however, all we need to do is make sure out battery protection system (as in over-discharge protection) is ok and not, you know, super dubious

to the aliexpress! but first, gotta do something else, brb! (its 4:20 right now)

yah so its 12:00 AM and i took some practice test and think i did ok, but anyways, back to drawing the layout! gotta find a 4S battery protection thingy... ok, found one thats 4S but 30A (we need 20A or less), 3S 20A (please so close)

idk, so far found these two but i dont like something about both of them
- [i cant tell if this acutal does discharge protection since weird docs contradict title but idk](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256806852470291.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.8.270e37b5TFYjci&algo_pvid=deb023e0-46fe-4aff-b650-c48ea758565d&algo_exp_id=deb023e0-46fe-4aff-b650-c48ea758565d-8&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%223256%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%2C%22orig_sl_item_id%22%3A%221005007038785043%22%2C%22orig_item_id%22%3A%221005005356630077%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%212.22%211.11%21%21%2115.86%217.93%21%402101ead817522078481501637e4d8d%2112000039180604374%21sea%21US%216405565024%21ABX&curPageLogUid=uLIF7P0l0uhI&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)
- [weird connector and hard to read docs](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256808381922829.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.3.3e9d2360vC5qEx&algo_pvid=3f3e1191-641f-4e39-9b19-ada63354c459&algo_exp_id=3f3e1191-641f-4e39-9b19-ada63354c459-2&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22236%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%212.89%212.51%21%21%2120.61%2117.93%21%402103247917522076636808908e5bdd%2112000045753788312%21sea%21US%216405565024%21ABX&curPageLogUid=8Qs8lZR9Nvbh&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)

ok, went back to drawing the wiring diagram, but im not sure if we should do two hall effect sensors or one, ill brb, just gonna save and commit and continue on my phone!

how am i on 10%, anyways, basically, heres the deal. we have the two systems seperated (hey maybe we can use some of the extra pins for a speaker), only connected by bluetooth, but what if that connection fails, or we need more accurate data (since, RPM can change very fast). if the hall effect sensor is on the LED section, we wont have the ability to speed up accurately (probably some PID control), as in the feedback data will always be delayed by the connection. this shouldnt be a big deal, but disconnects or signal intereference can mess with this

ok, what if we moved the hall effect sensor to the motor side? well, we wont be able to have the exact timings for the LEDs, which is kinda really bad since the LEDs really need to know where they are. speaking of which, i have an idea for super precise position measuring, and kts very silly. code execution time measuring and prediciting, we havent even started firmware yet...

so basically, have delays and risk bad connection, or just dont even need them to send this data and just give each of them their own. and i think thats the better move since we get 5 of them at a time anyways

ok so im going up to school for driving practice tomorrow so good night! (its 1:24 AM, guess ill do it on like 5 hours of sleep) also, gotta remember to find a stronger boost converter for the LED side, wait, i dont remember saying this, but the logic side has been renamed to the led side! also, subsystem also works in place of side for both of them! ok good night now!