# 7/13/2025 - 19th Update!

ok, so today is the day of the yearly charging of the mouse! the battery lasts like a year on a charge for some reason, but yeah! also, while eating breakfast (at 1 PM since my sleep schedule isnt cursed), i remembered that we forgot to add the hall effect sensor on the motor subsystem PCB! so yeah, thats what we're doing first! (yeah i wrote i was gonna do it yesterday and just forgot)

since my mouse is charging, im gonna try to do this with my trackpad, what could possibly go wrong?

ok so turns out i just forgot to add the holes and stuff for the hall effect sensor

ok, should be good now? tried to keep it as far from the motor as i could (also, just realized that the vanity on both boards both say core pcb, fixing that right now!)

ok, 1:44 PM now and it should be good! broke out another pin on the XIAO (pin D9) which happens to be right next to the MOSFET controlling pin, so it would be a nice backup in the event that D10 explodes! also shifted the MOSFET and ground stuff closer to each other to minimize heat thingy, along with making the pads ridicilously big for heat stuff. ok, off for lunch now!

ok, its 2:16 PM, just came back from lunch! ok, so, since i cant CAD right now (mouse still charging, ill just leave it alone for now, even though it probably already is at 100% or something), im gonna start doing some firmware stuff!

wait im gonna brb in like 15 minutes, ok im back

ok so just updated the LED pcb to breakout the D8 pin as a backup for the hall effect sensor, all that needs to be done is to destroy the previous traces and link up a couple other ones in order to swap pins!

ok its 2:48 PM, brb, ok we're back at 3:20-ish! just updated the LED pcb to fix a little missing trace thats been bothering me, mouse is at 85%, gonna wait for 100% to start CAD! (i did just use it for half an hour to do something, but whatever)

yeah imma make this object oriented... its 3:45 PM, brb, ok its 4:00 PM now! ok, just wrote some logic for the LED subsystem stuff! gonna quickly commit, then do some motor firmware!