# 7/21/2025 - 26th Update!

today does not exist (as in, shouldnt have). anyways, its 11:23 AM (my sleep schedule is horrible), time to continue writing code! ok its 11:29 AM and now its lunch time.

ok its 6:23 PM, came home a bit ago, but back to programming!

ok, lots of work going on in the led firmware, currently thinking of the equation to measure the rotation position, at least mathematically wise. ok, this markdown file shall be my rubber duck.

so we need to find the rotation position in a given timestamp (now). so, using the hall effect sensor, we can estimate the RPM, which is good. say, we are currently at 1k RPM, we can tell how long each rotation takes by taking the reciprocal (so, 1/1k = 0.001 seconds). however, we need to find our position, so we can take our timestamp and modulus it by the length of time per rotation, so we can find out how much time "into" the rotation we are. for instance, (0.0015 % 0.001 = 0.0005), meaning we are 0.0005 seconds into the rotation. then, we have to divide by the length of time per rotation to get how much of the rotation is complete (0.0005/0.001 = 0.5). therefore, we are 50% into the rotation!

so therefore, our calculation is `(TIME % (1/RPM))/(1/RPM)`. we might as well store `1/RPM` into a variable to make it more compact, say `(TIME % n)/n`. looking back, this logic is a little flawed when we consider that rapidly changing hall effect sensor number will confuse the heck out of the system (since, modulus doesn't fit "exactly" into everything), so we might need to implement something with a counter and time difference if this appears broken. we also need to take care of when `RPM = 0`, i guess just add `1e-6` or something there

now thinking about how to implement the color data stuff (for now)...

ok 7:17 PM now, gonna commit and eat dinner!