# 7/25/2025 - 30th Update!

update 30! started at like 4:45 PM, and just updated all the journals! if i put in those numbers correctly, i've spent 96.75 hours on this so far (thats actually insane!). hopefully today's the last day, since it's been, quite literally a month since we started! (6/25/2025 was the first update log!)

stuff to do:
- complete BOM!
    - add stuff
        - wiring
        - magnets (maybe? check LCSC first)
        - solder? (maybe? might run out, gotta make sure its safe)
    - aliexpress and orders
    - figure out shipping prices and deals!
- double check PCB wiring
    - (for all!)
- update CAD
    - with most updated PCBs
    - double check collisions again
- clean up repository
    - double check docs
    - update journal
    - finish [the main `README.md`](</README.md>)
- submit
    - ??? (check the website again)

ok, time to get going! as in, start working on stuff, im not leaving just yet! little note to anyone looking for AWG numbers, there's a [great chart on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_wire_gauge)! for example, here, 12AWG supports 20A at 60C! 22AWG supports 3A at 60C! ok, so now we got our wires!

yeah so i actually just touched my bed at 5:30 PM, and then just... fell asleep? did a couple other things, back at 8:47 PM! ok, so BOM stuff, need some 12AWG wire, got some!

ok, gonna try optimizing the BOM now (we're reaaaaaly hitting the roof now), quick commit first!

ok, found [this](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256805195972424.html) on aliexpress for the XIAO. not sure if its certainly legit, since one of the reviews say its never arrived. gonna do a bit more digging (what does "Selected item with premium quality" actually mean?) (oh it means nothing)

doing some math, it appears that using aliexpress to get the microcontrollers is more expensive than seeedstudio? on seeedstudio, its $19-ish total, while its $19.30 + $4.65 on aliexpress? maybe poking around amazon? turns out you can get three for $19.99 on [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0DGX3LSC7/ref=twister_B0DYP3RYTC?_encoding=UTF8&th=1). huh. might be strategic to try to get some more stuff from there in order to get the free shipping from amazon.

nope definitely not the batteries, IMR is definitely cheaper. just noticed a downside with amazon, it says "Or fastest delivery August 14 - September 1". uh that means it comes like, really late (like after all the other stuff, plus like a week).

ok, just updated some code on both stuff to prepare for bluetooth! basically all the shutdown and stuff. unfortunately, cant exactly try this out yet, gotta wait to actually have them to quickly iterate and test code!

ok, doesnt seem like we can really optimize this? (i really dont want to move away from IMR batteries because its likely cheaper and more legit, since random aliexpress battery exploding would not be good.) time to double check the PCBs! (export gerbers too, and STEP files!) quick commit first!